Supporting counts from raw samples (#2686)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#2709)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2709)

<h3>Improvements</h3>
  
* Added the possibility to group samples into counts providing `counts=True` flag in `qml.sample` function. This required creation of a new measurement type `Counts` in `measurements.py`.

> [(#2686)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2686)

Reviewer: Quick side comment, it might be useful to add a tiny example in the changelog as well. Just as an added way to advertise the feature outside of the doc-string. 

Something like the example you see for the `SPSAOptimizer` entry in the changelog, but not as big. Its not required, so feel free to pass. 

Cheers,

Author: Thanks a lot for the review!
I added the example from the docs into the changelog.

  [(#2709)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2709)

<h3>Improvements</h3>
  

> * Added the possibility to group samples into counts providing `counts=True` flag in `qml.sample` function. This required
>   creation of a new measurement type `Counts` in `measurements.py`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Samples can be grouped into counts by passing the `counts=True` flag to `qml.sample`.
```

>   [(#2686)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2686)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [(#2686)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2686)
  
  Note that the change included creating a new `Counts` measurement type in `measurements.py`.
```

>   It can be used when obtaining raw samples in the computational basis:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `counts=True` can be set when obtaining raw samples in the computational basis:
```

>   It can be used with states:
>   
>   ```pycon
>   >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
> 
>   >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
>   >>> def circuit():

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It can be used when obtaining raw samples in the computational basis:
  
  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
  >>>
  >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
  >>> def circuit():
```

  ...     qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
  ...     qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
  ...     # passing the counts flag
  ...     return qml.sample(counts=True)   
  >>> result = circuit()
  >>> print(result)
  {'00': 495, '11': 505}
  ```
  

>   And when sampling the eigenstates of an observable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Counts can also be obtained when sampling the eigenstates of an observable:
```

>   And with operators:
>   
>   ```pycon
>   >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
> 
>   >>> @qml.qnode(dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  And when sampling the eigenstates of an observable:
  
  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
  >>>
  >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
```

Author: Resolved by commit [640dc71](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2686/commits/640dc71139cbecf1160710fbee778af06189c796)

>   It can be used with states:
>   
>   ```pycon
>   >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
> 
>   >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
>   >>> def circuit():
>   ...     qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
>   ...     qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
>   ...     # passing the counts flag
>   ...     return qml.sample(counts=True)   
>   >>> result = circuit()
>   >>> print(result)
>   {'00': 495, '11': 505}
>   ```
>   
>   And with operators:
>   
>   ```pycon
>   >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
> 
>   >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
>   >>> def circuit():
>   ...   qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
>   ...   qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
>   ...   return qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(0), counts=True), qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(1), counts=True)
>   >>> result = circuit()
>   >>> print(result)
>   [tensor({-1: 526, 1: 474}, dtype=object, requires_grad=True)
>    tensor({-1: 526, 1: 474}, dtype=object, requires_grad=True)]
>   ```

Reviewer: Looks good, just fixing the formatting and being a little more descriptive

```suggestion
  It can be used when obtaining raw samples:
  
  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
  >>>
  >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
  >>> def circuit():
  ...     qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
  ...     qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
  ...     # passing the counts flag
  ...     return qml.sample(counts=True)   
  >>> result = circuit()
  >>> print(result)
  {'00': 495, '11': 505}
  ```
  
  And when measuring in the eigenbasis of an observable:
  
  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=2, shots=1000)
  >>>
  >>> @qml.qnode(dev)
  >>> def circuit():
  ...   qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
  ...   qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
  ...   return qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(0), counts=True), qml.sample(qml.PauliZ(1), counts=True)
  >>> result = circuit()
  >>> print(result)
  [tensor({-1: 526, 1: 474}, dtype=object, requires_grad=True)
   tensor({-1: 526, 1: 474}, dtype=object, requires_grad=True)]
  ```
```

Reviewer: That renders really weird, I will split it up into 2 suggestions
